Create ui-c8y-1021-71-0-backport-for-beta-preview-8994.md (#3292)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-71-0-backport-for-beta-preview-8994.md

---

> date: ""

Reviewer: intentionally empty until feature is released.

> title: Backport for beta preview. (#8994)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Beta feature preview is now available. Users can now try out and experiment on new features with ease.
```

> title: Beta feature preview is now available. Users can now try out and experiment on new features with ease.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Experiment with Upcoming Features Using the New Beta Feature Preview
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62747
version: 1021.71.0
---

> Backport for beta preview. (#8994)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Beta Feature Preview allows users to discover and try out upcoming features. Through a simple toggle interface, users can explore what's coming next, experiment with new functionality, and provide early feedback. This helps users stay ahead while giving the team valuable insights to improve the final experience.
```

> The Beta Feature Preview allows users to discover and try out upcoming features. Through a simple toggle interface, users can explore what's coming next, experiment with new functionality, and provide early feedback. This helps users stay ahead while giving the team valuable insights to improve the final experience.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Beta feature preview allows you to manage all preview features in one place. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. This helps you stay ahead of new developments while providing our team with valuable insights to improve the final product through your early feedback.

To access the beta feature preview, click the user icon in the right-hand navigation panel and select "Manage beta features."
```

---
date: ""

> title: New beta feature preview functionality

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
title: New feature preview functionality
```

> title: Experiment with Upcoming Features Using the New Beta Feature Preview

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
title: New beta feature preview functionality
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62747
version: 1021.71.0
---

> The beta feature preview allows you to manage all features that are currently in public preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. This helps you stay ahead of new developments while providing our team with valuable insights to improve the final product through your early feedback.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The preview features functionality allows you to manage all features that are currently in public preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. This helps you stay ahead of new developments while providing our team with valuable insights to improve the final product through your early feedback.
```

> The Beta feature preview allows you to manage all preview features in one place. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. This helps you stay ahead of new developments while providing our team with valuable insights to improve the final product through your early feedback.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The beta feature preview allows you to manage all features that are currently in public preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. This helps you stay ahead of new developments while providing our team with valuable insights to improve the final product through your early feedback.
```

> The preview features functionality allows you to manage all features that are currently in public preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. This helps you stay ahead of new developments while providing our team with valuable insights to improve the final product through your early feedback.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The preview features functionality allows you to manage all features that are currently in Public Preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. This helps you stay ahead of new developments while providing our team with valuable insights to improve the final product through your early feedback.
```

> To access the beta feature preview, click the user icon at the top right and select **Manage beta features**.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To access the preview features toggle interface, click the user icon at the top right and select **Manage beta features** in the right drawer.
```

> To access the preview features toggle interface, click the user icon at the top right and select **Manage beta features** in the right drawer.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To access the preview features toggle interface, click the user icon at the top right and select **Manage preview features** in the right drawer.
```

> To access the beta feature preview, click the user icon in the right-hand navigation panel and select "Manage beta features."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To access the beta feature preview, click the user icon at the top right and select **Manage beta features**.
```

Reviewer 4: This must be added to the user documentation as well?
